hey guys today I'm gonna show you
another awesome creation this one is
called the ironclad
now the munis is coming out the Suns
going down and this reminds me so much
of Avatar so badly but why waste time
chatting away whilst we could be inside
looking at the awesome creation okay
let's go inside so pretty much today
this creation seems to be pretty much
like a green one like honestly there's
grass inside it looks like it's a green
like low polluting creation now honestly
I just don't know what I'm looking for
I'm just going around showing you guys I
haven't actually looked around you know
I don't know what I'm looking for I
don't know what to expect
etc etc this stairs go down I'm gonna go
up real quickly cuz ok this takes us
outside and look there's trees around
zombies skeletons and this oh this is a
like a lift thing you type that's pretty
awesome
so I walking around honestly you can
just see that so much creation is in
here as a zombie there but honestly
those are so much chicken in the cab
ground here I just don't know I'm
looking for I'm just going around seeing
what we can find what's up here ok we're
back outside again so honestly but this
creation is just so much to look at I'm
gonna go right to the find to look
around real quick but honestly with this
creation you don't need much detail
about it before coming to look at it I'm
just gonna break a few wars because I
just wanna go inside see what's inside
oh here we have some one
oh man sorry guys sorry I'm so sorry
about this I just can't get through like
she I prefer not killing him actually so
looking around we can see that a lot has
been done this is seems to be like a
dining room type thing here we have
another green area honestly even want me
to showcase anything did not give it to
me I'll break everything but yeah just
looking around it seems to be quite a
few nice rooms at beds in here for the
flight deck and once it going to go down
there this is a disk it Division ton is
it honestly you're not gonna expect
anything that spectacular in this
creation but it's just amazing to look
at like this is pretty insane I haven't
actually been for we're now outside but
it's just that's honestly I like that
this room is pretty insane I like this
room this room's pretty decent but yeah
guys thanks for watching you have any
questions or anything like that just
post below the link to this download
will be in the description and where you
can thank the guy who built this and
don't forget to Like subscribe and if
you haven't done so already check out my
other videos thanks guys watching and
I'll see you guys later today actually I
never said goodbye it's already but look
look what I found
it's actually pretty decent look what
this does you press it alright the
detonates it and it goes down that's
actually pretty decent that you can
actually do this to like one of them the
way I knew that this was here but just
show you and I'll be gone because I saw
that and I was like yeah okay I get it I
get it now is any more I don't know what
that is but yeah there's at least two of
these hangers so see you guys later